[Music]
I'm sorry I tried to stop an idea for a
supplement just there's a six Greyhound
in the end it's already shoes
yes mr. bank do you know what Chuck
Berry said every night before counting
one two three four I'm worried sir pay
me my money I'm sure my people will be
in cash cash
you've already been wired the money mr.
Baine this is this is Fitbit this is a
Fender Rhodes moment you and yet I hate
[Music]
miss Paris patent is all due respect of
you Spencer you got a job tomorrow
running this place you go to work every
day
Oh yawn yawn I make one phone call I get
shaun white travis pastrana five of
their buddies here before midnight doing
Hill clickers and lazy boys up the back
of the building yes yes if your audience
wants to see a bunch of long hairs
riding rice Rockets but I'm talking
about heavy bikes sir this is heavy bike
better roads as I did it addicted I'm a
goddamn American icon no changes that
much keep it to a kippah structure
runaway guitar so we saw your in
34 states an animal on the other 34 24
22 this is a night people will talk
about as long as isn't Las Vegas and
when you're talking about it illy to be
talking about you
now that's your choice
mr. bank can I just say one more thing
[Music]
you got job